Logic practice: to traing your programming skills and your logic thinking.

- Implement a new class, called LocigExamples. It must implement:
1. A way to sum two numbers. The two numbers can be integers or floating point numbers.

2. A way to substract two numbers. The two numbers can be integers or floating point numbers.

3. A way to multiply two numbers. The two numbers can be integers or floating point numbers.

4. A way to divide two numbers. The two numbers can be integers or floating point numbers. The result is always a floating point number.

5. A way to elevate a given number 'x' to a given power 'n'. 'x' can be either positive or negative, and 'n' must be always positive. Both numbers must be integers.

6. A method to calculate the sum of all numbers limited to 'n'. 'n' must be a positive integer.
   For example, if '5' is provided, the method should perform the sum of 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5. The result for '5' must be 15.

7. A method to calculate the factorial of a number. The number must be a positive integer.
   For example, if '5' is provided, the method should perform the multiplication of 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5. The result for '5' is 120.

8. A method to tell whether a number is prime or not. The number must be a positive integer.

9. A method to calculate the fibonacci series. This method must return an array contaninig all the 'n' elements of the serie.
   For example, if '5' is provided, the method sould return [1, 1, 2, 3, 5]

10. A method to calculate the first 'n' prime numbers. This method must return an array containing all the 'n' prime required elements.
    For example, if '5' is provided, the method should return [2, 3, 5, 7, 11]

11. A method to validate ip addresses. Each octet will be received as an individual parameter. This method must return a string containing the formatted ip address.
    For example, if 192, 168, 0, and 1 are provided as paramaters, the method should return "192.168.0.1", otherwise, an error message should be returned.

12. A method to convert from decimal to binary. The given number must be a positive integer. The output must be in String format.
    For example, if 5 is provided, the result must be "101"

In general: All the methods must be received as parameters
